# -Health-Data-Stories-A-case-of-Patient-Medical-Appointment-Attendance-In-Brazil
#HealthDataStories is a cycle of projects where we will seek to tell stories from a wide array of publicly available  health datasets. We will explore the data, get insights and tell stories. We will listen to the data as it speaks to us. We will begin the series with a case study of patient attendance of their medical appointments in Brazil. The data used in this project is domiciled here. This case study comes from an understanding of: a patient calling/ sending a mesage to book a doctor's appointment, receives all the instructions and even timings for the said appointment and still does not show. We then ask ourselves the following questions: What proportion of the total number of patients who book their appointments actually miss? Who is to blame in such instances? What variable has the biggest influence on a patient missing their appointment? Does the government conditional cash transfer Bolsa Familia also called 'scholarship' improve medical appointment attendance? Is there a probability that we can flag/predict the chances of a patient who books an appointment missing the appointment? The inspiration to do this was mostly to see why patients do not show up for their appoinments and make interventions where possible; make predictions where possible depending on the patient variables presented and possibly avert the challenge of missing appointments. The net effect of this will be improved health outcomes for the patients.
